it is a beautiful day in New York City
can we just admire the Empire State just
real quick look at how just beautiful
and clear of the day it is and with my
homies John what's crackin and red I
cannot compete we are headed to the One
World Trade Center this line though its
window for Cotto
this line is pretty intense oh look it's
the rest of the squad we out here we in
line with some homies and some new
people to introduce y'all sale I'm new
verse number one my name is Marco from
the vagabrothers from Venice Beach
California
so I brought my new my new 72 to members
pretty stoked about it
we've made it in time together should I
use a little bit of sunless
it's getting dark very quickly it took
us so long to really use amazing
the city of something else
hey Rocky she skates some of this Pratt
yeah dude trick you into a trick do a
trick for me
hey get it girl it's very cold outside
so we're in the mall area across from
oculus
and I just it's so majestic I don't even
know I know like look at this
so it's kind of hard to see but if
you're downtown by the Westside Highway
this is the building that is the big
glass building like the big arch glass
building I don't know what it's called
anyone knows well it gets a question a
lot how do you feel comfortable filming
in public and the only time I feel
comfortable filming in public is when
there's other vloggers filming in public
and I was here alone I would not be
doing this in action okay yup here we go
good job guys good job for all about
that talk of life and burrito life and
quesadillas a look like Brutus can only
end the night one way and that is with
cake from sprinkles
this is the first time that I've ever
had a triple cinnamon cupcake from
sprinkles usually I go with the red
velvet actually one of my new year's
resolutions to eat more sugar
oh my gosh uh don't eat cupcakes oh then
go for a run
yes only way it's gonna be TT office do
it man so it has been a morning of
editing and emails and phone calls it is
not very difficult because I'm out of
Lucroy
I have Lacroix to fuel my creative
energy in days
I think it's been four days five days
without looking right well cry you know
I've never actually had Lacroix what
this is your first time drinking Lacroix
how do you feel are you excited I'm
extremely excited because you built so
so much I think it's time to take your
first step just nothing left but to do
it huh hmm not even why I'm little
nervous I'm nervous too I'm just water
right it's not just water behind Sorry
Sorry
I just got a very exciting package that
I need to show you guys it's something
that you've been telling me to get for a
very long time
and I've just been cool and been like
everyone has one it's not original
anymore but secretly I've been wanting
one so bad oh my gosh very long time
coming few months ago I went to this
event a DJI event and they released a
certain drone that caught my eye because
it was so small and you're able to bring
it places oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh it's a Mavic
Pro the quality from the surround is
insane and the fact that it folds down
to the size of a water bottle
it's just crazy and I really wanted to
get one before please because I'm about
to go to Belize but for some reason I
just could not hit the Buy button so
these are on like backward I think um
but luckily so I went to the event that
they released this so I had a DJI person
so I bought it and then luckily the
homies idgi were able to like expedite
the shipping so hopefully the drone
footage from Belize and from other
things it's just going to be dope and
here it is oh my gosh this is a drum
look how tiny this is
this is a drone this is my drone and
then you have the remote and what's cool
about the remote is it's basically just
like a video game controller put your
phone in down here to be the screen and
you just control the drone just let it
drop out or the camera there
this is the bag that you can carry it in
even though it's like extremely dorky
Lily good perfectly straight my luggage
oh yeah this is the drum bag yeah I
guess they expect you to create a
Drennan which I'm what this isn't this
yeah have you never seen this this is my
new drum
oh you this isn't about a water alright
yeah so you basically fold it down we
should share bottle flipping this once
we've all that happen I am the one I am
the one done enjoy it yeah so I got the
fly more compost so that features a
extra battery and I don't know I think
other goodies so we got battery charging
hub car charger intelligent flight
battery folding propellers intelligent
fly number two batter eat or something
else also ordinate extra batter so I
think I know how for batteries which
might be kind of overkill I'm going to
Belize and I don't know how often I can
power things well I just like to say
thank you for watching the unboxing of
my new magic Pro TJ guy magic TJ I'm a
bit pro drum it has been a long time
coming all of you guys have been like
sitting in a drum well I have one now I
have no idea how to fly it
but I'm gonna worry about that tomorrow
you're not booked I'm really
self-conscious about is I say how
excited I am so much and in these vlogs
I'm just always like so excited - camera
I don't know that's how excited you are
oh and the vlogs I'm always like I'm so
excited
that's a huge problem of mine yeah I
messed up Jill as I say in literally an
or times of all yeah I think this might
be a short vlog um you have a joke to
fill some time um what a joke am i right
did you like that one team bottle flip
oh I am the one bottle bottle flips up
bombs love it come on flip it I actually
yeah I hold on oh whoa whoa all right
here we go oh okay this is awesome yeah
this is nice okay do it on you
bless it
that's actually really difficult you
guys keep going yeah I'm gonna go
probably fast I was gonna pin I am no
one no one your son don't need them just
imagining is oh my god
know what you can do to Rose Sarah -
that much fee - in a right way - in a
row by the time you see this I will
actually be in Belize whoa um so I think
I'm going to be you know instagrams
storying store storying story Instagram
storing a tons and I'm going to be
posting to all of the social media so
make sure to follow me on Instagram and
the Twitter and I will see you guys soon
okay stay peachy oh do you wanna help
help me out yeah I got your dog it's
your time to shine so no pressure
yeah I'm not even nervous okay stay
peachy okay bye that was terrible
what I I didn't smell I don't happy I
don't really yeah jpg' okay bye so far
so fun I would have never imagined that
I would be skateboarding a booster
boarding inside the vnh mega photo video
store where I buy my camera's stuff like
it's Sam
it's a madhouse in here